the Israeli Prime Minister has denied
Israel was involved in the bombardment
of the hospital in Gaza City in a social
media post on X formerly known as
Twitter Benjamin Netanyahu says the
entire world should know it was barbaric
terrorists in Gaza that attacked the
hospital in Gaza and not the IDF those
who brutally murdered our children also
murder their own
children let's speak now to Sarah hyet
she joins us from occupied East
Jerusalem so Sarah Israel's staunchly
denying responsibility for this Hospital
attack what's the latest you've been
hearing from
them yes and just a few minutes ago they
released a video that's the Israeli Army
releasing a video to as proof they said
that um this wasn't to do had nothing to
do with them of course they've been
blaming Islamic Jihad for that uh uh
rocket that hit the hospital but before
that as soon as it happened there was a
flurry of messages on social media uh
wrong dates that were used uh um
disinformation tweets that were deleted
including I'll read a few of those out
to you you had um the prime minister of
Israel uh Twitter account saying this is
a struggle between the children of light
and the children of Darkness between
humanity and the law of the Jungle of
course that was soon deleted um you also
had a Facebook uh uh State uh post that
was put up by the Army saying due to the
lack of medical equipment and lack of
medical staff it was decided to bomb the
Baptist Hospital in Gaza and give them
euthanasia death and then that was
deleted um other posts there was a video
they had posted which seemed to have a
wrong date so a lot of disinformation
and it's been really interesting also
following a lot of the Israeli media and
the narrative that they've been putting
out in terms of what's happening in Gaza
we're not really actually seeing much of
the videos out there we're seeing a lot
of statements of course and uh videos
from that Hamas initial Hamas attack on
on Israelis but you're seeing a lot more
of that side of things uh than what's
going on in Gaza of course since that uh
attack on the hospital the Islamic Jihad
has denied it you also had um the
angelical church that owns that building
as well as medison Frontier saying the
same which is also known as Doctors
Without Borders um and this is what
we're going to be seeing a lot more
that's a different narrative where
they're trying to prove that this is
nothing to do with them of course this
isn't the first time we had one of our
own colleagues uh Shireen who was uh
killed there's a huge investigation into
that they'd initially denied it that
happened a couple of years ago the
Israelis denied it then they sort of
admitted that potentially it could have
been uh one of theirs and that of course
is still in the courts this isn't the
first time we see that kind of
disinformation of course today what
we're probably going to be seeing is an
aggressive campaign to prove that it
wasn't them behind this attack okay
Sarah many thanks for that Sarah H
joining us from occupied East
Jerusalem